>> Brian Holt: This is a little bit
abbreviated from previous versions of
Redux that I've taught.
And the reason being for
that is Redux is kind of becoming less and
less important in the React community.
With the advent of solid context API,
we don't need it as much anymore.
And now that we have useReducer, we kinda
got a lot of those benefits as well,
so we need it even less.
Now you're asking,
when would I ever use Redux?
The answer today is I probably won't
ever use Redux professionally again.
I probably won't elect to
use Redux ever again, but
I'm not saying that you shouldn't.
So if it really jives with your mental
model of a problem or something like that.
Or I might later run into
a problem that's like no, man,
I wish I would have used Redux.
So I don't know, but
I don't have a good mental image
right now of when I would use Redux.
So the reason why I'm still gonna
teach you this is because I want you
to decide that for yourself, right?
We're gonna walk through all the various
pieces of Redux that you need to know
to make that decision for yourself.
And the other thing is there's still
a lot of code bases out there that still
use Redux, and so
you still kinda need to know it.
So the one thing that I would say
that maybe I would use Redux for
is if I had a lot of asynchronous
things going on at once.
Maybe I had to make a request
to ten different APIs, and
they had to be in the right order and
come back in the right order.
One, that sounds like
a really hard problem, but
Redux would actually be very helpful in
that scenario with something called Sagas,
which I'm definitely
not teaching you today.
But Sagas are very difficult,
but they also are powerful.
I believe that Steve teaches them in
his Advanced State Management course
on FrontEndMasters.
So if you wanna know more about Redux,
watch Steve's course.
Or if you wanna know more about React and
Redux together,
version three of this course goes a little
bit further than I wanna go today.
So today we're just gonna go
over synchronous Redux, right?
We're not gonna go over the asynch stuff,
we're gonna even go over thunks or
anything like that.
We're just gonna go over what Redux is.
>> Brian Holt: So again,
how did we end up with Redux?
We didn't use to have Context, so
this used to be a lot more useful.
But now that we have good context, even
Dan Abramov, the creator of Redux is like,
I don't really use Redux anymore.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so what is Redux for?
Well, if you remember in the Intro
to React, we talked about
sometimes it's really useful to have
a state store on the side, right?
So we have our main application and
all the components have all their state,
but if I have a user, right,
if every piece of my application
needs to read from the user object, I
don't have to pass that everywhere, right?
So it'd be useful if I could put
that somewhere on the side, and
that's where Redux is really useful.
It's a central repository for
state in your application, okay?
So typically in React you would just call
setState and let React rerender, right?
So if that's how something updates, right,
I have maybe the user changes their email,
I would just call setState and
that would be the end of it, right?
With Redux, we introduced a much bigger
circle to get back to that point.
So here I've kind of typed it out for
you, user types in inbox or an input box.
It calls an action creator to get an
action that dispatches an action to Redux.
Redux then inserts the action
into the root reducer.
The root reducer dispatches
to a different reducer,
which actually handles the state update.
The reducer returns a new state
given that action object.
This new state becomes the source state,
and that is fed back into React, right?
So on one hand you have
these eight steps versus
setState, or an update hook,
or something like that, right?
One of these is a little bit
simpler than the other, but
I'll let you be the judge
of which one that is.
So why would you do something like this?
One, every step of this is testable.
So that means you get to
observe how your state
changes through every step of this, right?
And that's valuable, right?
You can basically say
this mutation of state,
I can guarantee that given this
is going to go through correctly.
And that's why Redux is powerful.
So let's go ahead and get started on this.
So go to your Code Editor and
we're going to npm install redux and
react-redux which is the very thin
connector between Redux and React.
Because as you may know,
you can use Redux with Angular,
you can use it with Ember,
it works with any framework.
You can use it without a framework.
>> Brian Holt: I think the other
thing that I wanna say about Redux is
it's a very small library.
You can actually write Redux
in about 50 lines of code.
And that's just kind of mind melting,
right?
But the other thing that I wanna
say is that doesn't mean it's easy,
[LAUGH] right?
So I've heard someone phrase it as,
it's simple but hard, right?
As opposed to complex and easy, right?
I would judge old AngularJS as complex and
easy.
It does a lot of stuff but it's actually
quite easy to get up and running with it,
but it's also easy to get yourself in
a really rat's nest kind of tangled mess.
My applications that are still in
production in Angular are a perfect
example of that.
Which is my fault, not their fault, right?
But I would say that Redux is very
simple in that it's not very big, and
there's not a lot of methods to it,
but it's quite hard to understand